1. The process terms describing the systems are long and somehow difficult to follows. For
instance, the given example, involving only 6 pairs of bases, results in a half a page formula (page
22). While there is some effort to simplify the term, the notation is still long and much of the text in
pages 23-29 contains redundant information. A suggestion here is the use something similar to the
global-local handling notation used in the K-framework (see, e.g., https://kframework.org/).

>I understand this is asking for some formal short notation. I will check that kframework.

2. Quite often, graphs are useful in grasping intuition on process terms. Maybe developing a
graphical representation of the CCB processes may simplify understanding and pave a way towards
including geometrical information on DNA shape.
Detailed comments (page, global line numbers):

>This asks not for some graphics (which we have got), but a graphical version of the calculus. I will look at this. Generally, both comments may not be easy to do without needing more space.

p2,25: DNA errors often occur when DNA is used for reading the information about the proteins to
be synthesized in the cells.

>Not sure about this. We are talking about wrong replicated DNA. It can happen that a protein is produced wrongly from DNA (or RMA), but that is not a matter of "gene repair". Might be interesting, but it is different.

p5,110: bee

>Corrected.

p6,130: Maybe a short clarification of the distinction strong-weak actions is useful at this point.
p6,140: "use α, s and s, s′ to denote a concatenation" - the notation is unclear; include some
parentheses ( ), or " " to separate the terms from the text
p7,150: "A collection μ is either σ or σ | σ" - if the is a BN-like syntax, should be σ | μ
p7,155: The syntax includes also recursive definition, not included in that one-line description
p8,185: "(s; b).C | P | C | C | P | C \ L" - confusion of two roles of "|"
p10,Fig3: b does not appear in this rule

>b is in the s rule.

p11,Fig4: similar

>we use beta here.

p12,Fig5: similar somehow, it is unclear why do you use condition * and **; why not simply
include those particular cases explicitly?

>for me, this was just because of space.

p12,Ex3: it seems to be a confusion here between b,d,f - check this example again

>Corrected. uses b and d (not b and b) since b is weak and d is not.

p13,Fig6: what is "t" in concert2 act?
p16,275: Is this strong-weak action explanation useful at p6,130?
p22,top: "The MMR system in full detail..." Actually, this is the result after all reactions in the
previously described MMR system are used. It shows an order of firing transitions in the original
system to arrive at this form, directly linked to the picture in Fig.9
p30,Fig14: "the offending base C_3" - is G_3

>Corrected.
